add label limitation to tableau doc (#5730)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud-integrations/semantic-layer/tableau.md

- Filtering on a Date Part time dimension for a Cumulative metric type
- Changing your date dimension to use "Week Number"
- Performing joins between tables that the dbt Semantic Layer creates. It handles joins for you, so there's no need to join components in the dbt Semantic Layer. Note, that you _can_ join tables from the dbt Semantic Layer to ones outside your data platform.

> - The Tableau SDK doesn't currently display descriptive labels defined in your `metrics` configuration. This means that any custom labels you assign to your metrics won't be visible when those metrics are imported/queried into Tableau. This is a current limitation to avoid any breaking changes and may change in future updates.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Tableau SDK doesn't currently display descriptive labels defined in your `metrics` configuration, meaning custom labels won't be visible when those metrics are imported/queried into Tableau. 
```

Author: removing per Roxi's comment
